there is more to seo than just on-page
factors hey everyone i'm neil patel and
today i'm gonna break down how to audit
your website's seo for rankings beyond
just technical fixes
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
most seo audits are focused on technical
fixes
while these are important they're just
not strategically aimed at improving
rankings for specific keywords
you want to use the traffic analyzer on
uber students and more specifically the
keywords by traffic report
this will end up showing you the
keywords that are sitting on pages two
and three
if the keywords you're ranking on those
pages are directly related to the main
topic of the page
then what i want you to do is add
additional h2 subheading including that
keyword within that page and i want you
to write a few paragraphs talking about
the main keywords around that topic that
rank on page one for this keyword that
they're writing about
and include rich content like images
stats and video and then check your
rankings for those secondary keywords in
a month and keep iterating gradually
until you find a sweet pop if those
keywords aren't directly related to the
main topic of your page then i want you
to create a new content piece look into
the top ranked pages for that keyword
and then figure out the topics that you
should be writing about the length of
those content pieces which other forms
of rich content you should add such as
images infographics videos and stats in
other words you're taking that new
keyword that's not really related to
your page you're seeing where your
competition is doing and you're trying
to one-up them can you write better
content then
here's something that we like doing that
a lot of other people aren't doing that
just really helps
you know there's a saying 8 out of 10
people will read your headline but only
2 out of 10 will read your address of
your content
so once you optimize your headline with
the keywords what we like doing when
we're writing the content
we like actually taking that same
concept of creating powerful headlines
and doing that with our subheadings
because if you can keep people engaged
within your content through your
subheadings using
storytelling as well to keep people
engaged and then putting customized
images within your article using tools
like canva which you can do for free
what you'll find is you'll get more and
more people engaging with your page and
linking to it and especially if some of
the images that you include have stats
and data and your company logo on there
people start embedding them onto their
website and linking back to you we found
that to help so much when you're
creating
content around new articles that your
competitors rank for that you're not
really going after yet
another thing that takes a lot of time
but it's super effective is to actually
just go and see all right what are all
the other articles around the web
related to this article let me go to
search.twitter.com or twitter.comsearch
and put in that url and see who tweet it
out
go build relationships with those people
so then as you're building a
relationship with those people you'll
want to hit them up hey john i noticed
that you shared this article by eric
and i actually have a similar article
that just came out that covers a b and c
that his didn't check it out if you like
it feel free to share it with your
audience cheers neil p.s if i can share
any of your content let me know i'd love
to share it and what you'll find is even
if you don't have a lot of followers
people are flattered they want to build
relationships because keep in mind these
are social networks they're not you know
island networks where people stand off
by themselves
as long as you're willing to reciprocate
you'll get so many people sharing your
content that social shares will bring in
more traffic some of those people may
link to you subscribe to your email
newsletter list and then you can keep
blasting them out
and the thing that people don't talk
about with seo which is one of the most
important factors everyone talks about
content creation if you're going to
leverage this strategy and do better
than your competition you need to create
lead magnets so you can use tools like
hello bar create a offer like a free
ebook or lead quizzes and create a quiz
collect emails and then you email people
every time you have a blog post if you
don't do this you won't get as much
traction now if you produce more than
you know a full few posts a week you
don't want to email them every single
day because that's just going to be
overwhelming but just pick your best
ones and email them because this will
create more traction and most social
shares as well so if you follow this
you're going to rank better and start
beating your competition
use this tool you'll do well and use the
other steps and processes that i just
broke down if you want my agency to do
it all for you check out np digital if
you enjoy the video like it share it
tell people about it thank you very much